# ZORA Coins License

{/* This license text is directly from packages/coins/LICENSE */}

All source code specified as: SPDX-Identifier: ZORA-DELAYED-OSL-v1
follows this license.

Other licenses are specified on a file by file basis 

### Definitions:
"Licensed Work" means the software, code, or content distributed under this License, 
including any copies or derivative works thereof.

"Licensor" means Zora Labs, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

"Commercial Purpose" means any use that generates, or is intended to generate, revenue, 
monetary value, or other commercial benefit, whether through fees, subscriptions, token 
issuance, staking incentives, or other monetization mechanisms.

"Competitive Product" means a Product provided for Commercial Purposes, and provides 
functionality substantially similar to or substitutable for, in whole or in part, the 
Licensed Work, and that is made available to third parties directly or indirectly, 
whether operated independently or as part of a broader offering.

"Product" means any software application, protocol, service, or system that (i) makes 
the Licensed Work (or any derivative work thereof) available for third-party 
interaction, directly or indirectly, including but not limited to through interfaces, 
middleware, aggregators, composable integrations, or smart contract deployment; (ii) 
uses the Licensed Work (or any derivative work thereof) in a production environment or 
mainnet context; (iii) integrates or incorporates the Licensed Work as part of a 
broader software or financial service offering; or (iv) is operated for a Commercial 
Purpose, whether or not publicly accessible.

"Open Date" means the earlier of: (i) the third anniversary of the first public 
distribution of the Licensed Work, and (ii) the date specified by the Licensor as the 
official date the Licensed Work shall become available under the MIT License.

### Terms:

The Licensor hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide, 
royalty-free license to (i) use, copy, modify, and create derivative works of the 
Licensed Work; (ii) distribute the Licensed Work (or any derivative works thereof), in 
each of (i) and (ii), solely for purposes other than (a) Commercial Purposes, or (b) as 
a Competitive Product. You are not granted rights to, and you may not exploit, the 
Licensed Work for Commercial Purposes or as a Competitive Product. For the avoidance of 
doubt, deploying modified versions of the Licensed Work that preserve the core 
functionality or interface of the Licensed Work shall be considered a derivative work 
and subject to this License. This License governs your use even if you receive the 
Licensed Work from a third party, whether in its original form or in a derivative or 
modified form.

You must retain, in all copies and substantial portions of the Licensed Work and in all 
derivative works, (i) all copyright notices, author credits, and licensing notices 
included by the Licensor, and (ii) a notice stating, "This software includes original 
work licensed under the Delayed Open Source License by Zora Labs, Inc."

Your rights under this License terminate immediately for all versions of the Licensed 
Work if you violate its terms.

THE LICENSED WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR 
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT 
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF 
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE LICENSED 
WORK OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE LICENSED WORK.

Effective on the Open Date, the Licensed Work becomes available under the MIT License 
(attached hereto as Appendix A).

### Contact:

To request written consent for unlicensed uses, please contact: support@zora.co

### Appendix A â€“ MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this 
software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software 
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, 
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to 
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following 
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies 
or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT 
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF 
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE 
OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

